[Docs] Clarify how onOpen behaves for JB (#2146)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/gitpod-yml.md

</div>

> Please note, in JetBrains products `open-preview` will behave like `open-browser` because there isn't a built-in webview functionality in the IDE.

Reviewer: Suggestion for: 
1. Bolding please note
2. Adding "JetBrains" to the note about IDE
3. Being slightly more specific about it being the Gitpod integration with JetBrains (and link to Gateway page)
4. Swap "like" for "exactly"

```suggestion
**Please note:** For JetBrains IDEs connected to Gitpod via [JetBrains Gateway](/docs/ides-and-editors/jetbrains-gateway) `open-preview` will behave exactly the same as `open-browser`, as there is no functionality for a web preview in the JetBrains IDE.
```
